[Autogenerated] And with this I think we are ready to wrap up this Majola.
What did you learn?
A.
In this majora Well,
you learn everything you need to know to properly work with git
within eclipse without using the common liner.
Now there are still things that are not implemented in the eclipse interface.
So being able to use get through the common line is still very useful.
You So how to conduct the main gate operations of using the eclipse interface?
You.
So how to create on configure git repository?
How to commit?
How to create a branch on how to use the merge tool in a conflict situation?
A.
You also So how to configure a remote git repository from
within the interface and configure,
push and pull operations between your local repository and
this remote repository You also So how to deal with
credentials are the classical https, user name,
password,
clear and shoals and also the ssh protocol based on the use of
private and public it and you also so at last,
out to import a Java project from a remote git repository.
Locally in two cases, a plainer Jeff I see project all the most useful one,
which is a maven Java project.
By the way, all the repositories we saw in the examples are still in.
Get tub.
I do not plan to delay them, so feel free to use them if you want to practice.
And with this, I think we are.
Donna, Thank you for watching this module.
I hope you found it interesting on.
I hope we will meet again in the next module of these calls
about connecting eclipse to databases,
which is a first step to what you will see in the last ______ of these calls about Java e applications.